# CS340

When writing programs that are maintainable, adaptable and reusable I like to use structures, functions and classes to categorize information and call the data when necessary. These tactics will stop the use of duplicating data. In this program, I utilized a CRUD class with four functions that can be called to execute creating, reading, updating and deleting data from anywhere in the code. This code is also reusable in any case becuase its written with generic functions and as long as the file is imported and then instantiated, it will integrate seamlessly. 

This project had many benifits to learning the MVC model using mongodb as the database, crud file as the model and a main app as the controller. This tech stack also included juypter, Dash framework and multiple libraries such as pandas brought this project together nicely. This stack worked well for Grazioso becuase all pieces work well with databases and web based integration. 

This project differs from previous projects because it is the first to bring it all together, especially using python. The last class I used python was first year and it was a scripting course. This course was advanced and utilized html scripting to build the webpage and style. Also, seeing first hand how to import and utilize a dataframe and multiple libraries. 

To meet a customers requirment is a daunting task to pick the tech stack that will benifit them the most. As a computer scientist, it is your duty to serve the customer even if the tech stack that would work the best is not your expertise. To solve this problem, you could brief the customer on pros and cons and let them weigh their options, but being a CS, you need to be a generalist. Know a little about a lot to understand the coding landscape to develop a broad amount of projects. 
